---
layout: fullpage
title: Fellow's Stories
pagetype: story
bgcolor: C82A45
---

<div class="fellows">
	<h2>Hear why each person chooses to give a year of their life to service.</h2>
	<div class="bios">
		<div class="span5">
			<iframe src="http://player.vimeo.com/video/51304851" width="400" height="250" frameborder="0" webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe>
		</div>
		<div class="span6 bioright">
			<h3>Amir<span> Reavis-Bay</span></h3>
			<h5>City of New Orleans</h5>
			<p>Amir Reavis-Bey is a software engineer focused on developing networks promoting social good for efforts such as Haiti relief and social enterprise. Amir earned a BS in Computer Science from North Carolina State University and has spent more than seven years working as an investment banking technologist in New York City, developing an expertise in systems integration. In his spare time, Amir enjoys training and playing capoeira.</p>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="bios right">
		<div class="span5">
			<iframe src="http://player.vimeo.com/video/51304915" width="400" height="250" frameborder="0" webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe>
		</div>
		<div class="span6 bioleft">
			<h3>Emily<span> Wright Moore</span></h3>
			<h5>City of Austin</h5>
			<p>Emily Wright is a designer and graphic artist focused on usability and visual storytelling. Emily has worked for several Bay Area groups including Banned by the Bay, Red Ink Studios, and Intersection for the Arts, where she researched and co-designed Golden Rules as part of the Prison Project. In 2006, she completed her BFA in Illustration at the California College of Arts.</p>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="bios">
		<div class="span5">
			<iframe src="http://player.vimeo.com/video/51304919" width="400" height="250" frameborder="0" webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe>
		</div>
		<div class="span6 bioright">
			<h3>Jesse<span> Bounds</span></h3>
			<h5>City of Chicago</h5>
			<p>Jesse Bounds is a software engineer who has most recently lived in Cambridge, Mass. Jesse is fascinated by the challenges and opportunities that cities present to society. After receiving his MS in Telecommunications Engineering from the University of Colorado, he worked on building scalable systems in the financial and mobile industries. He is also a web developer working for several nonprofit organizations around the world. Most recently, he was the lead developer on Fluent, the first highly optimized news aggregator and reader for the iPhone.</p>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="bios right">
		<div class="span5">
			<iframe src="http://player.vimeo.com/video/51307408" width="400" height="250" frameborder="0" webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe>
		</div>
		<div class="span6 bioleft">
			<h3>Sheba<span> Najmi</span></h3>
			<h5>City of Honolulu</h5>
			<p>Sheba Najmi is a user experience designer and product strategist. At Yahoo! she was a lead designer for Yahoo! Mail, the company’s flagship service with over 260 million users. Most recently, Sheba co-founded a startup focused on the oft-overlooked baby boomer and senior citizen audiences. She has also worked as a television news anchor in Pakistan, interviewing and reporting from both the streets and the studio. Sheba earned MS and BS degrees in Symbolic Systems from Stanford University, where she investigated the language, thought, and interaction of humans and computers.</p>
		</div>
	</div>
</div>
